Okay.
So in this tutorial, we'll be learning about how to make sublime snippets.
But first of all, what I need to do is to make a good sublime snippet
And let me tell you what a snippet is what will a snippet do just when you just like let's say you press
some four buttons and the like, some a key, a trigger key in sublime.
Then you'll get the whole code just by pressing some keys.
What it is, it is actually mapping a key from a keyboard or a set of keys or a string to a particular
code that I want.
Right.
So what happens is, let's say I quickly coded a question and then I want to put the next question.
So what I'll do is I'll simply erase everything and open my.
new snippet.
Right.
So this works as my new snippet guys.
So I guess everyone is very familiar with this.
So it's very easy guys this new snippet and there isn't much to do whenever I want to start, when I
want to code  a particular problem.
This is a header file which contains all the other header files.
This is a pretty standard stuff int main.
And finally, ifndef online judge.
So this is my setup right, a normal CP setup.
Of course I can use int,  long long int.
I can define other things that we'll be discussing in the next part.
But before that, let's make a snippet of this so that whenever I press some keys, I get this whole
code in front of me.
Right.
So.
Let's select it.
Let's copy this.
And after copying this, what I'll do is I like go to tools right here in tools, we can see there's
a new option called developer in developer.
I'll go to new snippet.
cool!
So this is the window we'll get in the snippet part so guys what happens is whatever I copy.
I simply select this line.
Hello is a something line before I'm down.
content at line three at line four and the content at line two.
I'll select this whole line on line number three.
I'll simply paste it, right,  whatever I selected whole code.
I simply paste it the snippet off which I want and I simply uncomment.
This tab trigger by pressing command and slash or what you can do is  you can simply remove
this to.
Right.
And so right now default tab trigger is hello.
So if I press hello I get this whole code but I don't want to press.
Hello.
What I would say is I would simply press let's
say cpsimple
cool.
So.
cpsimple is my.
keyword.
A tab trigger.
If I want to find out if I want this whole code in front of me at that particular instant, let me
save this.
So it will just save it in the sublime text user file, right,  and what I'll do is I simply say cpsimple.
dot(.) and we can easily see there is this extension of sublime.
snippet right.
so cpsimple.sublimesnippet.
I'm saving it with the same name.
Cool.
So let's save it.
I've saved this.
And you can see it is cpsimple.sublime.
snippet.
Let's go back.
Let's erase everything right, now.
We'll write cpsimple.
Right.
Instead of writing cpsimple, I just pressed Cp and pressed tab.
You can also press enter and you'll get the whole code no matter whatever I'm coding out here.
Let's say I've written something and like the whole code is there and submitted it and it got accepted
in my contest.
Right now I want to erase everything and I don't want to write all of this again.
Right.
So what I'll do is I'll simply select all press cp and I'll get cpsimple press enter.
So this is a normal bucking.
And now you can write to your code here, take your input accordingly, right to your output accordingly, and do
the rest of the work.
Right.
So this makes a life easier.
And it's not only about this, guys.
What I can do is we can make other snippets, too.
So let's.
Let's say
In the course.
Let's say you're studying about segment trees, fangment trees, a advanced data structure
You can make these snippets instead of writing whole segment tree, fagment tree again and again.
You just make the snippets.
Use these snippets in the code and.
Save time right.
The more time you save, the better, the more time you will get to think in the contest.
Okay, so what we want to do is we want more time to think in the contest and less time to code
Right.
So this was about snippets, guys.
And in the next part we'll be discussing about some defines.
Cool, see you in the next part.